are you in need of 45 minutes of
relaxation and rejuvenation the facial
applicator uses all natural active
ingredients in a cream infused cloth
wrap to help dramatically minimize signs
of aging in just 45 minutes the
exclusive botanical blend in the facial
applicator helps tighten and firm the
skin for a lifting effect and deeply
hydrates without clogging pores for
fresher more luminous skin
you know as a travel across the country
a lot of you know I'm in and out of
airplanes and sometimes that can be
stressful so how do you keep your skin
looking so young and I do that by using
the facial applicator absolutely love
this product it is a different formula
then the body applicator it's for toning
and firming but it also helps reduce the
appearance of fine lines and wrinkles I
never forget being at a meeting and
afterwards we went out to eat and I was
just kind of walking from table or a
table introducing myself and and meeting
a lot of the leaders with our company
that had just come in and there's a
group of men there that were talking
about the facial and the one was saying
yeah I've been using it for the last few
weeks I you know I can't believe how
much younger I'm looking and one of the
other guy said just not as rough anymore
and and I just started laughing and I
said you know there was a time where us
guys would have been afraid to even talk
like that and yet they were you know
just showed that it's not just the women
that love these products it transcends
all ages all genders and it is just a
tremendous product now one of the first
signs of aging for a woman and a man or
crow's feet and the fine lines that you
get around your mouth area so I'll apply
the facial applicator and I'll put it on
and I'll wear it for at least 45 minutes
and sometimes I sleep in it I like it so
much and once I remove it I'll rub in
all the formula and it gives me such a
glow in such a lift for the face it's
very anti aging you'll love using this
and one of the ways that I start
everybody on this products is I suggest
use it at least twice a week for the
first month so that that would be two
boxes for NH box and it's so affordable
when you look at going out there and
getting facials today in the marketplace
they start around 75 to 80 dollars and
they're mainly for cleansing this
product is for lifting